## 1、thoughts and ideas

we’re going to talk about 10 words and expression for talking about thoughts and ideas, so let started

### I have an idea

the first expression is I have an idea: I have an idea this is a really general expression you can use to introduce a  new idea this is pretty casual but you can use it in slightly more formal situations as well.

I have an idea, let’s get Thai food for lunch, or  I have an idea let’s go to the beach this weekend, I have an idea, let’s take a nap in this example. i have an idea let’s start a  company

### I’ve been think

The next expression is I’ve been thinking: I’ve been thinking you can use this to say I’ve been thinking and then begin an idea or you can say I‘ve been think about topic, I’ve been thinking about topics, I’ve been thinking about finding a new job or I’ve been thinking what do you want to do for summer vacation so you can use it in a couple of different ways, I’ve been thinking about or I’ve been thinking, both are okay, so in this sentence, I’ve been thinking about baking a cake all day.

### Here’s a thought

The next word is here’s a thought so again this is a word, you can use to introduce an idea here is a thought, here’s a thought in other words here is an idea, a thought from my mind, here you are, here a thought, so you can use this to introduce an idea, you have had here’s a  thought why don’t you get a haircut, in this example sentence, here’s a thought why don’t you take tomorrow off.

### What do you think?

The next expression is what do you think

what do you think very common way to ask for someone’s opinion.

we connect the words do and you quite closely in this expression what do you think,

what do you think sounds much more natural than what ‘do you think, 

so try to use what do you think, so this is just a general way to ask for someone else’s opinon about anything.

I kinda wanna eat something spicy for lunch, what do you think

### You (wanna) know what I think?

The next expression is you (wanna) know what I think? so this is sort of a like a challenge almost like it’s asking the other person, do you want to know my opinon, do you want to know what I think, 

because I’ll tell you only if you want to know so you want to know what i think,

so you know what i think or you want to know what I think, so it’s a little bit of a challenge a little bit of an introduction before you actually share your opinon,

In a sentence: You want to know what I think. it’s a  terrible idea.

### I’ve thought about this a lot

The next expression is I’ve thought about this a lot,

I’ve thought about this a lot in this expression we’re actually using the present perfect tence, I’ve thought about this meaning  I started thinking about this in the past and my  thinking has continued to the present

I’ve thought about this a lot, and I really think you  should quit the company.

### I have no idea

I have no idea mean I don’t know but I have no idea means zero, I have no information no idea, I can’t think of anything absolutely nothing no idea, 

I have no idea so this is typically used in response to a qusetion for information like where’s your brother, I have no idea

The best hotel in the city? I have no idea.



### I have no ideas.

I have no ideas, so here different from I have no idea, we’re using the plural form ideas, meaning someone  is asking you for a proposal, someone is asking you like to create something to make something, they’re asking for a suggestion and if you don’t have any suggestion nothing to propose, you can say I have no ideas,

Something to do this  weekend, I have no ideas.

### I don’t know (dunno)

Why are you asking me, I don’t know

### 10、I knew it!

I knew it! so here we’re using the past tence of know, the verb to know something meaning

You had my keys, i knew it.



so those are 10 words and expression that you can use for talking about your thoughts and ideas, so I hope that’s helpful



## 2、injuries

we’re going to talk about 10 words and expression for injuries

### break/fracture

the first word is break or fracture, these two verbs are used interchangeably, actually they both refer to a broken bone or a fractured bone, so two pieces of bone become separated or a bone becomes broken,

I broke my wrist then I fell snowboarding



### sprain

the next word is sprain, sprain something  refers to hurting or to injuring a ligament, 

he sprained his  ankle at thebacketball game last week.



### bruise

the next word is bruise, so bruise refers to taking like an impact something that’s not a sharp impact. it’s usually like a blunt impact, i suppose bruise something usually like this the a certain area of skin and blood collects under the skin, creating like a black or blue.

I bruise my arm then I ran into the door



### cut

the next word is cut, cut is caused by a sharp object, so a knife is probably the most common thing come to mind when talking about cuts, though another common type of cut is called a paper cut

Be careful not to cut yourself when using a knife



### wound

the next word is wound, wound is just a place of injury on the body,

Don’t touch open wounds



### injure

injure means to hurt a part of body, so to injure your arm, the noun from of  this word is injury, so I have an injury,

she injured her shoulder this morning



### tear

tear used as a verb, you can imagine like a piece of paper when we want to separate it into two pieces, we can tear the piece of paper,

Tearing muscle is painful



### pull

pull, we use pull again with muscles, but this is different from tear, tear muscle refers to this kind of break motion, pull a muscle means to stretch a muscle to much,

I think I pulled a muscle.



### dislocate

dislocate so here we see the word locate referring to location and dis this which means not in other, so dislocate something refers to removing a part of the body from its correct position and shifting it slightly

He dislocated his shoulder and popped it back into place.

### hurt

hurt generally means kind of a small injury, like I hurt my  finger, 

I hurt my myself a lot



## 3、office

### check email

I check email throughout the day.

### make copies

Can you make four copies of this

### schedule a meeting

schedule a meeting means to create a meeting and tell the other people about the meeting at that specific time,

I’ll schedule the meeting for 11 tomorrow

#### take/make a call

take a call means to receive a call, make a call means the call comes from you, like I need to make a call to my mother today

I need to take this call

### write a report

I’va got a few report to write by the end of the day

#### attend a meeting

Please attend the staff meeting on Friday

### have a conference call

We have a conference call scheduled for 3 today

### submit a timesheet

Please submit your timesheet by the end of the week

### clock in/clock out

we clock in is when we come to the office and we begin work, we clock out when we leave the office at the end of the day.

Don’t forget to clock in and clock out every day

### go to lunch

You can say eat lunch, but if you say go to lunch, it sounds a little bit more friendly, a little more casual

We’re going to go to lunch. Wanna come?

## 4、Top 10 Phrases  for a Date

### would you like to go out to dinner with me?

sure, sound great

### Are you free  this weekend?

Yeah! I’ve got some time. What up?

### Would you like to hang out with me?

Yes, sure, let’s catch a movie

### You’re so cute.

Thank you.

### You look great

oh, Thank you.

### I had a great time

Thanks so much for tonight, I had a great time.

### I’ll call you

sound good.

### I’ll drive you home.

Okay, thanks very much.

### Can I see you again?

Sure, that would be great.

### Shall we go somewhere else?

Nah, I don’t think so, I’m kind of tired.

## 5、Top 5 Phrases for Hot Air Balloon

### I get to check this off my bucket list

To kich the bucket = to die, so bucket list = things to do before you die.

### Will you marry me?

### This is a first for me.

The first time that you’ve ever clinbed a mountain

### The view is incredible from up here

### What a ride. Champagne time!



## 6、 Most Popular Sports

### Soccer

Soccer is probably the most popular sport in the world.

### Football

A lot of football players get injured because it’s a very rough sport

### Baseball

Baseball is called America’s “national pastime”

### Basketball

Many basketball players live like rock stars

### Hockey

Hockey is incredibly popular in Canada.



## 7、Sentence Patterns for Beginners

### Personally, I think that...

Personally, I think that you shouldn’t worry about it.

### What does ... mean?

What does pasta mean?

### Can you tell me more about ...?

Can you tell me more about your sandwich options?

### If it were up tp me...

If it were up to me, every day would be Saturday.

### I feel like...

I feel like garbage



## 8、8 Words Americans Overuse

### definitely

I’m definitely going to call her this weekend.

### underlievable

Did you see the news this morning? It’s unbelievable.

### literally

I literally thought I was going to die

### hilarious

Everyone thinks my friend is hilarious, but he’s not that funny.

### nice

That guy with the nice hair, just made a nice catch.

### totally

I totally love your new dress.

### like...

### seriously

I’m seriously going to tell my teacher what I really think of her class.



## 9、Top 10 Gamer Speak words

### achievement

Achievement unlocked.

### beta

I’m beta testing a running game right now.

### boss

### role-playing game

RPG

### checkpoint/savepoint

### noob

They are brand new player. They are a noob. They don’t know anything.

### farming

It has kind of a reputation for being a bit boring. Because you’re just killing the same creature over and again.

### NPC

non-playable character

### camper

someone who is waiting for a creature to spawn

So a person who is waiting for the monster to appear is called camper

### MMO

Massively multiplayer online game



## 10、10 Must-know Autumn Vocabulary Words

### sweater

My favorite sweater is wool

### windy

### cool

I love going to the park on cool autumn days.

### autumn

Autumn is my favorite season of the year.

### cold

### chestnut

You can make lots of desserts with chestnuts.

### falling leaves

### Thanksgiving

### Halloween

### leaf



## 11、Top 10 Favorite English Words

### Come on!

Come on over my house.

### believe

### consistency

### friend

### gate-crash

To go to an event without having been invited

### great

### I don’t know

### Never mind

Don’t worry about it.

### passion

I have passion for music

### sparkler



## 12、Gift Ideas You Must Know in English

### laptop

A laptop is very useful, amd also very expensive.

### perfume

There are famous perfumes like Chanel No. 5

### book

A book is a great book

### camera

You take picture with camera

### smartphone

### game console

### a flight to the United States

### watch

### jewelry

### socks



## 13、Top 10 Most Common Tourist Vocabulary

### ticket

All passengers must have a ticket

### tourist

### itinerary

what’s on the itinerary today?

### guidebook

### tour bug

### temple

### mosque

### church

### waterfall

### tour



## 14、10 Most Romantic things  to do on a Date

### candlelit dinner

Candlelit dinners make me nervous.

### go for a long walk

### go bowling

### go to the aquarium

I pet a stringray at the aquarium.

### go to a opera

### go to the zoo

### have a picnic

### have dinner and see a movie

### take a ferry ride

### walk on the beach



## 15、Restaurants

### waiter

### menu

### oder

I would like to order two steaks, 3 hamburgers, 4 beers, a large pizza and a piece of chocolate cake.

### water

### dessert

### chef

Please give my compliments to the chef!

### fast food

### bill

### delicious	

### main course



## 16、Party

### party

### dance

### club

### rave

I don't think I’ve ever been to a rave

### festival

There are a lot of summer music festivals

### cheers

### to drink

I go drink once a month with my frinends.

### to get drunk

### VIP

Very Important Person

### to buy a round

The next round of drinks is on me.



## 17、Phrases for Surviving Back to School

### backpack

Put your backpack under your desk for the test

### classmate

### homework

### exam

### summer break

### school

### to study

### It’s the first day of class

### We’re in the same class

### what classes are you taking?



## 18、Bady

### breastfeed

### to change a diaper

### to put on a bib

### to change clothes

### to sing a lullaby

### to take a nap

### to buy a car seat

### feed

### to read a book

### bathe



## 19、Your Parents Always Say

### Be careful

### Be quiet

### Behave

### Do your homework

### Go to bed

### I’m going to count to three

### Stop

### What did you say?

### What did I just say

### Did you brush your teeth



## 20、Top 10 Pick-up Lines to Use at Your Own Risk

### Did it hurt when you fell from heaven

### Are your feet tired? Because you’ve been running through my mind all day.

### You’re so hot you would make the devil sweat.

### What number should I use to say “ goodnight” to you later?

### Someone should call God, because heaven’s missing an angel.

### You’re like pizza even when you’re bad, you’re good.

### Is it hot in here or is it just you?

### Are you a thief? Because you just stole my heart.

### Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by you again?

### Lift without you is like a broken pencil - pointless



## 21、Top 10 School Subjects

### art

### history

### geography

### biology

### chemistry

### physics

### math

### computer science

### physical education

### English



## 22、Top things to do at a Bank

### make a deposit

### make a withdrawal

### open/close an account

### apply for a loan

### apply for a credit card

### check your balance

### cash a check

### fill out  a deposit slip

### make a transfer

### manage finances



## 23、10 things to do at Summer in the US

### to travel abroad

### to relax at the beach

### to learn English with EnglishClass101.com

### to have a barbeque

### to party all night

### to get a tan

### to go hiking

### to work a part-time job

### to have fun with friends

### to attend summer school



## 24、Top 10 Tourist Attractions in the Us

### Disney World’s Magic Kingdom

### Disneyland Park

### Statue of Liberty

### Fisherman’s Wharf

### The Golden Gate Bridge

### Lake Mead National Recreation Area

### Mt. Rushmore

### Niagara Falls

### Times Square

### Pike’s Place Market



## 25、Ways to Ask for help

### can you...?

Can you send me your email address?

### Could you give me a hand with...?

Could you give me a hand moving this sofa?

### Can you show me how to...?

### Can you help me out with...?

### I need help...

### Could you...?

coule you... more formal

### will you...?

will you let me know when you’re free?

### How do I....?

### Help!

### I need your help with...



## 26、Top 10 Ways to GIve Advice

### I think you should...

### Why don’t you...

### Have you thought about...

### I don’t know if... is a good idea.

### Maybe you should try...

### I wouldn’t... 

### If I were you, I would...

### Have you tried...

### My advice is to...

### You ought to...



## 27、Ways to Invite Someone to Something

### Do you want to...?

### Are you free?

### Do you wanna come to...?

### Are you doing anything?

### What are you up to?

### Come... with me.

### Why don’t we...?

### Wanna grab...?

Wanna grab a coffee?

How about we...?

### We should get together sometime.



## 28、Top 10 Ways to Prepare For Travel

to choose your destination

to buy a guidebook

to save money

to book a flight

to research the costs

to request vacation time

to book accommodations

to obtain an international driving license

to pack

to get a visa



## 29、10 Ways to Say Hello in English

Good morning

Hello

Long time no see.

How have you been?

How are you?

How’s it going?

What’s up?

Good afternoon

Good evening

It’s nice to meet you.

 

## 30、10 Ways to Stop Procrastinating and Study

Register for a challenging test

Find a movie or TV show to understand

Get a study buddy

Enroll in a course

Create a social media account for your stidies.

Sign up for a regular event in your studies

Make studying part of your daily routine

Reward yourself when you finish studying.

Make your goals public

Make studying a game



## 31、10 Words and Phrases for Driving

start     Start the car, It’s feezing.

pull out / pull in

merge

change lanes

Blinker

windshield wipers

pass

fast lane

break the speed limit

get pull over



## 32、10 words and Phrases for Dating and Romantic Relationships

like

have a crush on (someone)

love

date

see

exclusive

break up

propose

cheat

marry



## 33、20 Words You’ll need for the Beach

sunglasses

beach

swimming

sun

palm tree

seashell

swimsuit

ocean

lifeguard

jet ski

beach towel

beach chair

sand castle

cooler

tide

tan

snorkeling

flip-flop

sunscreen

bikini



## 34、Tongue Twisters

Sally sold seasheels by the seashore

Betty Botter bought some butter, but she said the butter’s bitter

How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?

Lesser leather never weathered wetter weather better.

If two witches would watch two watches, which witch would watch which watch?



## 35、10 Crime-related World

suspect

criminal

victim

guilty

not guilty

to plead

murder / homicide

manslaughter

jury

judge



## 36、10 Employment-related Words

to apply for a job

to interview for / to have an interview

to get an offer

to accept an offer

to start working

to get a promotion

to get a raise

to demote

to quit

to be fired



## 37、Top 10 Words to Know Before Riding on an Airplane

cabin

seat belt

pillow

time difference

overhead storage compartment

emergency exit

flight attendant

pilot

first class

economy class



## 38、10 Expression for Business Emails

To whom it may concern

I’m writing today regarding...

Would you be available

Would it be possible for you to...

We’d like to request...

We’d like to inquire about...

If you could be so kind as to...

I look forward to hearing from you again soon.

I look forward to working with you.

Sincerely / Warm regards / Best regards



## 39、10 Internet and Texting Phrases

LOL (Laugh Out Loud)

GOAT (Greatest Of All Time)

FYI (Fot Your Information)

BRB (Be Right Back)

OMG (Oh My God)

WUT (What?)

BTW (By The Way)

AFAIK (As Far As I Know)

IIRC (If I Recall Correctly)

DM (Dirext Message)



## 40、10 Job Interview Questions

Tell me a little about yourself

How did you hear about the position?

Why are you intersted in this position?

Why should we hire you?

What do you consider your strenghts and weaknesses?

Tell me about a time when you overcame a challenge at work

What are your career goals?

Where do you see yourself in 5 years?

Why do you want to work here?

Do you have any questions for me?



## 41、Top 10 Life Events You Should be Able to Talk About in English

birth

get a job

engagement

wedding

buy a house

anniversary

retire

travel

funeral

promotion



## 42、Top 10 Lines You’ll Need to Reject a Date

Sorry, but I already have another appointment

Oh, I have to work late today.

Oh, I’m late for class. Sorry, I can’t.

I’ll be studying for finals.

Oh, I just made plans to go out with the girls tonight. Sorry!

I’ve got to check my schedule. Can I get back to you later?

I’m sorry! I already have a boyfriend/girlfriend.

I’m not really interested in seeing anyone right now.

I’m sorry, I just don’t like you in that way.

I just want to be friends.



## 43、Top 10 Must-Know Phrases for the Restaurant

A table for three please

Could I pleae see a menu

I’d like to try this dish

Cou you leave out the onions?

Cou you pass the salt?

Waiter!

Can we get separate checks?

Are there any specials today?

Could we have the bill please?



## 44、Top 10 Must-Know Verb When Cooking

to cook

to fry

to add

to cut

to mix

to season

to mash

to saute

to put

to slice



## 45、10 Past Perfect Continuous Patterns

I’ve been thinking...

I’ve been worrying...

I’ve been wanting...

I’ve been studying...

I’ve been hearing about...

I’ve been listening tol...

I’ve been talking a lot with...

I’ve been living...

I’ve been working...

I’ve been planning...



## 46、10 Phrasal Verbs for Business

step up

step down

measure up

step aside

swoop in

shake up

come online

expand into

to bring about

take on



## 47、10 Phrasal Verb for Eating and Drinking

drink up

take down (take down your order)

ring up

set down

cut up

cut into

sop up

cool down

heat up

chow down



## 48、10 Phrasal Verbs for Shopping

sign up for

ring up

try on

shop around

try out	(Would you like to try out the new iPhone?)

drive by

pay for

take off

sell out

line up



## 49、10 Phrasal Verbs for Sports and Exercise 

go long

try out for

work up (a sweat)

root for

work off

cheer on / cheer for

knock out

work out = Exercise

warm up

cool down

## 50、10 Phrasal Verbs for Talking About Vehicles

pull in

pull up

back up

back in

roll down

head up/ head down

run over

pull over

pull out

get on



## 51、10 Phrasal Verbs for the Office

kick off

set out

check in

go through/ go over

clock in / clock out

start up

call back

send over

clean up / clean out

make up (for)



## 52、Top 10 Phrases to Never Use in a Relationship

I told you so!

Oh, I’ll do it myself!

You never listen to me.

We should talk.

Never mind.

It’s all your fault!

You overreact too much.

You’ve changed.

You gained a lot of weight.

Whatever.



## 53、Top 10 Phrases to Survive at the Station

I’d like to go to....

Is this the right platform for...?

What time is the last train?

Where do I change for...?

Where can I buy a ticket?

How much is it to...?

Does this bus go to...?

What time is the next bus?

The train is running late.

Where are the ticket machines?



## 54、10 Ohrases to Use When Driving

steering wheel

blinker / turn signal

windshield wiper

fast lane

to hit the gas

to hit the brakes

to break the speed limit

to pass

to be in an accident

fender bender



## 55、10 Phrases to Use When You’re Angry

It’s none of your business.

Shut up!

Leave me alone.

Are you kidding me?

Whatever?

Cut it out.

I’m upset.

Who do you think you are?

Watch your mouth.

You’re not listening to me.



## 56、Top 10 Airports in the United States

Hartsfield- Jackson

Los Angeles International / LAX

O’Hare International

Dallas / Fort Worth International

San Francisco International

Charlotte Douglass International

McCarran International

Orlando International

John F Kennedy International

Honolulu International



## 57、10 Snow Activity Words

sledding

skiing

snowboarding

snowball fight

igloo

snowshoeing

tobogganing

Snow angel

build a snowman

build a snow fort



## 58、10 TV-related Words

to shoot / to film

to broadcast / to air

to cast (Jennifer Aniston was cast as “Rachel” in “Friends”

cast

season / series

episode

to run

be set in

to recur

script



## 59、10 Ways to Give Criticism

What do you think about

I think it would be better if...

I’m not sure I like...

How about if you...

You could improve this by...

Have you thought about...

Maybe you could...

I think you should...

This sucks.

This is not good.



## 60、10 Ways to Help Improve Your Pronunciation

Sing along to a favorite song

Read out loud

Repeat lines your hear In Yv shows

Practice speaking in phrases, not just single vocabulary words

Speak a lot with your teacher, and ask them to be strict with you

Try recording yourself speaking , and play it back

Do shadowing exercises

Chat with native speakers

Do pronunciation drills

Find words that are particularly interesting to you!



