# 第 1 天

afraid（adj）、agree（v）、angry（adj）、arrive（v）、attack（v / n）、bottom（n）、clever（adj）

cruel（adj）、finally（adv）、 hide（v）、hunt（v）、lot（n）、middle（n）、moment（n）

pleased（adj）、promise（v）、reply（v）、safe（adj）、trick（n）、well（adv）



**THE LION AND THE RABIIT**

A cruel lion lived in the forest. Every day, he killed and ate a lot of  animals. The other animals were afraid the loin would kill them all. 

The animals told the loin, “let’s make a deal. If you promise to eat only one animals each day. then one of us will come to you every day. Then you don’t have to hunt and kill us.”

The plan sounded well thought-out to the lion, so he agreed, but he also said, “If you don’t come every day, I promise to kill all of you the next day!”

Each day after that. one animals went to the lion so that the lion could eat it. Then, all the other animals were safe.

Finally, it was the rabbit’s turn to go to the lion. The rabbit went very slowly that day, so the lion was angry when the rabbit finally arrived.

The lion angrily asked the rabbit, “Why are you late?”

“I was hiding from another lion in the forest. That lion said he was the king, so I was afraid.”

The lion told the rabbit, “I am the only king here! Take me to that other lion, and I will kill him.”

The rabbit replied, “I will be happy to show you where he lives.”

The rabbit led the lion to an old well in the middle of the forest. The well was very deep with water at the bottom. The rabbit told the lion, “Look in there. The lion lives at the bottom.”

When the lion looked in the well, he could see his own face in-the-water. He thought that was the other lion. Without waiting another moment, the lion jumped into the well to attack the other lion. He never came out.

All of the other animal in the forest were very pleased with the rabbit’s clever trick



# 第 2 天

adventure（n）、approach（v）、carefully（adv）、chemical（n）、create（v）、evil（adj）

experiment（n）、kill（v）、laboratory（n）、laugh（n）、loud（adj）、nervous（adj）

noise（n）、project（n）、scare（v）、secret（n）、shout（v）、smell（v）、terrible（adj）

worse（adj）、



**THE LABORATORY**

Mia’ father had a laboratory, but she had on idea what was in it. Her dad always closed and lock the door when he went in. She knew that he used it to do projects for work. He never told Mia what these projects were.

One night, Mia approached the door to the laboratory. She stopped and thought, “I wonder what crazy experiment he is doing now.” Suddenly, she  heard a loud noise. It sounded like an evil laugh. The noise scared her, so she walked quickly back to her room.

The next night, her friend Liz came to her house. When Liz arrived, Mia told her about the night before. “Oh, it was terrible,” she said.

“Why don’t we see what is in there?” Liz asked. “It will be a fun adventure!” Mia felt nervous about doing into her father’s laboratory, but she agreed.  As always, the door was locked. They waited until Mia’s father left the laboratory to eat dinner. “He didn’t lock the door!” Liz said. “Let’s go.”

The laboratory was dark. The girls walk ed down the stairs carefullu. Mis smelled strange chemicals. What terrible thing was her father creating? 

Suddenly, they heard an evil laugh. It was even worse than the one Mis heard the night before. What if a monster was going to kill them? Mia had to do something. She shouted for help.

Mia’s father ran into the room and turned on the lights. “Oh, on,” he said. “You must  have learned my secret,” “Your monster tried to kill us,” Mia said.

“Monster?” he asked. “You mean this?” He had a pretty doll in his hands. The doll laughed. The laugh didn’t sound so evil anymore. “I made this for your birthday. I wanted to give it to you then, but you can have it now. I hope you like it!”



# 第 3 天

alien（n）、among（prep）、chart（n）、cloud（n）、comprehend（v）、describe（v）、ever（adv）

fail（v）、friendly（adj）、grade（n）、instead（adv）、library（n）、planet（n）、report（n）

several（adj）、solve（v）、suddenly（adv）、suppose（v）、universe（n）、view（v）



**THE REPORT**

Lee sat among the books at the library and thought  about his group project. 

They had to turn it in soon, but he hadn’t even started his part! Jack and Claire were i his group. They had worked hard. They were also very smart, and Lee  didn’t want them to get bad grade. 

Jack did the report. He wrote a lot of  very good sentences and described things with great adjectives. Claire drew a nice map of the stars. Now,Lee needed to do his part of the project.

“Well, I suppose I need to start my model,” Lee thought.

Making a model of a planet was really hard. Lee tried to read several books, but he couldn’t comprehend any of the charts. “We’re going to fail because of me!” Lee said. He put his head down on the table and said, “I wish I could see a planet , instead of having to read about it!”

Suddenly, there was a bright light. Lee was pulled from his chair, through the roof, and right into a strange ship! “Hello kid,” said an alien. “Did you ask for help?”

Lee told the friendly alien all about his project. The alien agreed to help Lee solve his problem. “First, we’ll fly through space to view the universe. Then, I can help you make a model of my planet.” 

Soon, they were going through the clouds. They passed the moon. Then they viewed Mars. Lee was very excited. Instead of a bad grade, his group would have the best project ever!

“It’s time to go home,” the alien finally said. On the way back, he helped Lee make a model of the planet Mars. Soon, they were on Earth.

“Thanks,” Lee said. “My model will be awesome!” Then he took his model  and said goodbye to his new friend.

Reading Comprehension



# 第 4 天

appropriate（adj）、avoid（v）、behave（v）、calm（adj）、concern（n）、content（adj）、expect（v）

frequently（adv）、habit（n）、instruct（v）、issue（n）、none（pron）、patient（adj）、positive（adj）

punish（v）、represent（v）、shake（v）、spread（v）、stroll（v）、village（n）



**THE DOG’S BELL**

John’s dog was a bad dog. He bit perple frequently. John had great concern about this. It was not an appropriate way for a dog to behave. His friends in the village always expected the dog to bite them. The news about John’s dog spread through the village. None of the people wanted to go to John’s house. John tried to instruct the dog to behave, but it never worked. He tried to be patient and teach the dog to be calm. That also didn’t work. John didn’t want to punish the dog. “How will I stop my dog’s bad habit?” John asked himself.

John’s friend came to talk to him about the issue. During their important meeting, his friend said, “ The people in the village asked me to represent them. We want your dog to stop this habit. Why don’t you put a bell around the dog’s neck. This way, we would hear your dog coming down the street.”

John thought this was a great idea. Now, people could stay away from the dog. It would not be able to bite anyone anymore

The dog liked the bell, too. People looked at him when they heard his bell. This made the dog very content. He like the song the bell played when he walked.

One day, John’s dog strolled through the village and met some other dogs. He expected them to want a bell like his. But they laughed at his bell. They said the bell made people avoid him. John’s dog shook his head. “No they look at me because they like the bell.”

The other dogs said, “You have the wrong idea of what makes you popular. Of course they like your bell. It tells them where you are so they can avoid you. You aren’t able to bite them anymore!”

You see, being popular isn’t something positive when it’s for the wrong reason



# 第 5 天

aware（adj）、badly（adv）、belong（v）、continue（v）、error（n）、experience（n）、field（n）

hurt（v）、judgment（n）、likely（adv）、normal（adj）、rare（adj）、relax（v）、request（v）

reside（v）、result（n）、roll（v）、since（pron）、visible（adj）、wild（adj）



**THE JACKAL AND THE SUN CHILD**

A jackal is a wild dog with a big black back. It resides in the desert. but how did the jackal get his black back? This was how it happened.

One day, the jackal saw a girl. She was sitting upon a rock. She was not a normal child. She was a rare and beauitful sun child. She was bright  and warm like the sun. The child saw the jackal and smiled.

She said, “Jackal, I have been relax on this rock for too long. I must get home soon. But, I am slow and you are fast. You will likely get me home more quickly.” Then  she requested, “Will you carry me home? if you do, I’ll give you a gift. This necklace belongs to me, but I will give it to you.”

The wild jackal agreed. So the sun child sat on the dog’s back. They started to walk.But soon, the jackal felt ill. The sun child was very hot on his back. The heat was hurting his back very badly. “I made a terrible error in judgment.” he thought. He shouldn’t have agreed to carry her. so he asked her to get off.

But she did not. The jackal’s back continued to get hotter and hotter. He bad to get  away from the sun child. So he made a plan. First, he ran as fast as he could. He hoped the sun child would fall off. But she did not. So when the sun child was looking at the sky, not aware of the jackal’s next plan, he jumped into a field of flowers, As a result, the child rooled off his back. The jackal ran away.

But the sun child left a mark on the jackal’s back, a visible black mark. Ever since his experience with the sun child, the jackal has had a black back.



# 第 6 天

advantage（n）、cause（v）、choice（v）、community（n）、dead（adj）、distance（n）、escape（v）

face（v）、follow（v）、fright（n）、ghost（n）、individual（n）、pet（n）、reach（v）、return（v）

survive（v）、upset（adj）、voice（n）、weather（n）、wise（adj）



**THE FRIENDLY GHOST**

A nice woman lived by a large river. She loved children. She wanted to help them in any way. She loved her community, and everyone in the community loved her. She lived a very long time and became very wise.

When she died, she became a ghost. She was dead, but every night she returned to her community. She wanted to help children and not to cause them fright. But she had a scary voice. Children were afraid of her, but the ghost was a good one. She only scared them to help them.

One night, some children and a dog were playing by the river. They were having fun with their pet. But they were far from home. Then the weather became bad. It rained and rained. The river was rising. It was very dark. The children knew they lost. They needed to go north, but they didn’t know which direction it was. When the moon came out, they saw a ghost by the river. The ghost said, “Go away!” The children felt great fright. They knew it was a ghost. Then the ghost moved closer. She yelled again, “Go away!” The children became very upset. Some of them began to cry. The children knew they had a choice: they could escape, or they could stay and face this scary individual in the dark.

The children ran a long distance away. The ghost follow them all the way. Finally, the children reached home. The ghost was very happy. Soon the river  rose higher and higher. It was very dangerous. The ghost had helped the children survive! She had saved them from the rising water. She also used her power to lead them home.Sometimes, meeting a ghost had advantages. A ghost can save your life!



# unit 07

Word List

allow、announce、beside、challenge、claim、condition、contribute、difference、divide、expert、famous

force、harm、lay、peace、prince、protect、sense、sudden、therefore、



**The Best Prince**

King Minos was very sick. His condition was getting worse. He had three sons. He loved them all. He had a announce who would become king. Two of the princes stood waiting outside the king’s room. Theseus was the oldest and strongest. He thought his father would make him king. Pelias, the second son, thought differently. He was an expert with weapons. He thought the king would choose him. “When I’m king,” Theseus told Pelias, “I’ll let you contribute to the defense of our county. You can lead the army.”

Pelias became angry. “Father knows I’m famous for my sword skills. He’ll make me king.”

“You?” Theseus yelled. “He won’t choose you!”

“The kingdom is mine!” Pelias claimed. “Father will give it to me—or I’ll use force to take it!”

Theseus made a sudden move to take out his sword. Then Pelias did the same.

“Beating me will be a challenge,” Theseus said. “Fight me now. The winner gets the kingdom!”

King Minos could hear his sons fighting. The youngest son, Jason, stood beside him. He sensed his father’s sadness. The king laid his hand flat on Jason’s arm.

“Your brother fight too much,” the king told him. “I must protect my kingdom from all harm. They’ll devide it between them. The people won’t know what to do. There’ll be war. I can’t allow either of them to be king. Therefore, I’m making you king. Your kindness has always made you special. It’s difference between you and brothers. You can bring peace. They can’t.”

Then the king died. Theseus and Pelias heard that their youngest  brother was king. They were surprised. They realized that their fighting was wrong. It had kept them from saying goodbye to their father. They agreed to have Jason as their king. He was the best choice. 



# unit 08

accept、arrange、attend、balance、contrast、encourage、familiar、grab、hang、huge、necessary、

pattern、propose、purpose、release、require、single、success、tear、theory



**How the Sun and the Moon Were Made**

Do you ever wonder where the moon and the sun came from? The Inuit people of Alaska have a theory. 

They tell a story about a beautiful girl. She was very nice. In contrast, her brother was a mean little boy. One day he proposed something. “We should go to a party,” he said. The girl accepted. First, it was necessary for her to prepare. She arranged her hair and put on nice clothes. This required a lot of time. But the girl worked hard, and soon she had success. She looked perfect. 

They attended the party together. The girl was having fun. Later, she walked into the bathroom. Suddenly, the lights were turned off! Someone grabbed her hair and tore her clothes. She ran out of the bathroom. She wanted to know who did this to her.

Then she had an idea. She fixed her hair again. This time  it even more beautiful. She even balanced beautiful jewels in it. She wanted to encourage the person to grab it again. She put black dirt in her hair. The purpose of this was to catch the person.

She went to the bathroom again, and it was the same pattern. The lights went off, and someone grabbed her hair. When her released it, his hand was black. The girl returned to the party. She knew there was only a single person with a  black hand. When he saw that person, he was very familiar. It was her brother! 

He ran into the woods. The girls ran after him. They both carried fire so they could see in the dark. The smoke went into the air. As they ran, they grew. They became huge. Then they went into space. When the girl’s fire went out, she hung in the sky. She became the moon, and her brother became the sun. They chase each other forever.



# unit 09

against、beach、damage、discover、emotion、fix、frank、identify、island、ocean、perhaps、pleasant

prevent、rock、save、step、still、taste、throw、wave、



**The Starfish**

Last summer I took a trip to an islang. I had a lot of fun. I sat and watched the waves and listened to the ocean. I learned to identify birds. I discovered pretty things and enjoyed the taste of new foods. It was a very nice time.

One evening I took a pleasant walk by the ocean. When the waves came in, many starfish fell on the beach. Some starfish went back into the water, and they were safe. But other starfish were still on the sand/ They would die if they did not get into water. There were many starfish on the beach that night. It made me sad, but I knew I could not fix the problem. I stepped very carefully so I did not damage them.

Then I saw a little girl. She was also sad about the starfish. She wanted to prevent all of them from dying. She asked me if I could perhaps help her.

“To be frank, I don’t think we can do anything,” I said.

The little girl started to cry. She sat back against a rock and thought for a while. Finally, the emotion was gone. She stopped crying and stood up. Then she picked up a starfish and threw it into the water.

“What are you doing?” I asked her. But she did not answer me. She just threw as many starfish as she could. “ You cannot save all of them!” I said. 

She stopped to look at me. “No, I cannot save them all,” she replied. Then she picked up a very big starfish and said, “But I can save this one.” And them she smiled and threw the starfish as far as she could into the ocean.



# unit 10

benefit、certain、chance、effect、essential、far、focus、function、grass、guard、image、immediate

primary、proud、remain、rest、separate、site、tail、trouble



**The First Peacock**

Argos lived in Ancient Greece. He was a husband and a proud father. He worked hard and did well at his job.But one thing about him wasn’t normal. He was born with 100 eyes. Having many eyes was usually a benefit to him. He had a chance to see many things. 

Also, since he had so many eyes, he was very good at guarding things. While sleeping, he only rested a few eyes at a time. The others stayed awake. He worked for Hera, a great goddess. His primary function was to guard a special cow. The cow was very important to Hera. It was her favorite pet. The most essential part fo his job was to keep the cow alone. It had to be kept separate from all the other cows and far away from people. 

This was an easy job for Argos. The cow just ate grass all day. But the god Zeus wanted the cow. He wanted to take it away from Hera. He had a plan. He found a great music player. He asked the man to play a beautiful song for Argos. Zeus was certain Argos would go to sleep. The song had an immediate effect. Argos couldn’t focus on his job. He fell asleep. Zeus saw this, and he took the cow.

Hera was very angry with Argos. She turned him into a peacock. She put his many eyes on his tail. Argos was very sad.

Zeus saw how much trouble he had caused Argos. He made another plan. He turned Argos into a group of stars. He wanted Argos to remain in the sky  forever. Even today, Argos’ image remains there, above the site where all his problems began. We can still see him in the night sky.



# unit 11

anymore、asleep、berry、collect、compete、conversation、creature、decision、either、forest、ground

introduce、marry、prepare、sail、serious、spend、strange、truth、wake



**Princess Rose and the Creature**

There was once a beautiful princess named Rose. Her mother, the queen, however, was not as beautiful as the princess. The queen felt bad that she was not the most beautiful woman in the kingdom anymore. She was tired of competing with her daughter. 

She made a dicision. She prepared a drink for the princess. After the princess drank it, she fell asleep. Then the queen took the princess to the forest. She left the princess there. It was a very serious thing to do. “Either she will be killed by animals or she will get lost in the forest,” the queen thought.

The princess had a dream. She dreamed about a man with brown hair and brown eyes. It was the man she would wed.

The princess woke up. She saw a strange creature on the ground. It looked  like a man, but he was hairy  and green. He had horns  on his head and a pig’s nose.

The creature said, “Did I scare you? I hope not. Let me introduce myself. I an Henry.”

Rose and Henry spent the day together. They collected berries, caught fish, and had lunch. They had a very good day filled with nice conversations.

“Rose, I have to go home, ” said Henry. “My ship will sail home soon. I can’t heave you here in the forest alone. Will you come with me?”

Rose was very happy. She gave Henry a kiss right on his pig nose. As soon as she kissed Henry, he began to change. His pig nose turned into a man’s nose. His horns and green hair went away. Standing in front of her was the man Rose had dreamt about.

Rose and Henry were married, and they lived happily



# unit 12

alone、apartment、article、artist、attitude、compare、judge、magezine、material、meal、method、

neighbor、professional、profit、quality、shape、space、stair、symbol、thin



**The Crazy Artist**

Frenhofer was best artist in the world. Everyone loved him. The quality of his paintings was very high. He always used the best materials. He made a big profit from his paintings. He had delicious meals with his rich neighbors. He taught art classes. Life was good. 

Then his attitude changed. He stopped selling paintings and teaching. He tried a new method of painting. He stayed alone in his apartment all day. He worked all day and all night, rarely eating. Soon Frenhofer became very thin. But he kept working on the same painting for many years. He worked as hard as he could.

Finally, he finished the painting. He was very happy and invited other artists to see it. “I want your professional opinion,” he said. He wanted them to judge it and compare it to other paintings. Everyone was excited as they went up the stair to his apartment. Frenhofer was excited to show his painting, and the artists were excited too see it. “They’ll love it,” he thought. But they did not.

They were surprised by his painting. There was no white anywhere. Frenhofer filled the whole painting with lines and colors. There was no space for a normal picture. It was full of strange shapes. It looked bad to the other artists. He used symbols, and they didn’t understand them. They thought it was terrible. “ why did you paint this strange picture?” someone asked. They didn’t understand its beauty.

But after some time, many people began to like his painting. People wrote articles about it in magezines. They said it was his best work. They loved his strange symbols. They loved his strange colors. Frenhofer’s painting reminded everyone that just because something was new didn’t mean that it was bad. He also helped them to realize  that somethime it takes people a little time to understand great things.



# unit 13

blood、burn、cell、contain、correct、crop、demand、equal、feed、hole、increase、lord、owe、position

raise、responsible、sight、spot、structure、whole



**The Farmer and the Cats**

Arthur was a responsible farmer, and Maria was a nice lady. But they were poor. They owed the town lord money for their land. One summer, their farm burned. One structure caught fire, and most of the animals ran away. Only the cats stayed. So Arthur and Maria had to bring in their crops without an animals’s help.

On a fall day, the lord demanded his money. Arthur asked if the lord could wait until he brought in his crops.

So Arthur and Maria worked until there was blood in their hands. They finished four lines of corn and went to bed.

But the next morning, eight lines were finished! “Maria, didn’t we stop in this spot here?” Arthur asked.

“Yes, that is correct, And the tools were in a different position, too.” Maria said. They were surprised and happy. That day, they worked hard and finished five lines.

But in the morning, ten lines were done! Each day they did a lot of word. Each night, someone else did an equal amount of work. In a week, the whole field was finished. “Tomorrow I will sell the crops and pay the lord,” Arthur said. But that morning , the crops were gone. A bag was in the middle of the field. It contained money.

“maria, let’s see who has helped us word.” Through a hole in the wall, they saw afunny sight. The cats were dancing in the field and eating corn! Now Arthur knew what had happened. The cats had worked at night! After that, Arthur was very nice to his cats and fed them lots of corn.



# unit 14

coach、control、description、direct、exam、example、limit、local、magical、mail、novel、outline

poet、print、scene、sheet、silly、store、suffer、technology



**A Magical Book**

Sarah loved to read. She read novels and poems. She loved the beautiful descriptions and phrases. She loved reading work from poets and novelists. She didn’t like video games or technology. She was on the basketball team, but she didn’t like sports, Her parents made her play backetball. In fact, Sarah’s parents made her do many things. But she didn’t want to do those things, She just wanted to sit and read all day.

One day, a small book came in the mail. It was for Sarah. The book looked very special. It was printed on sheets of gold. Sarah began to read. The outline of the story was simple. It was about a magical place. Strange things happened there. One example from the book was about a boy who could control people. In one scene, he made his friends tell funny jokes.

Sarah loved the book. She read it all the time. Then something strange happened. The book gave Sarah a special power. She could control other people. She was like the boy in the book. During one exam, she made her friend tell silly jokes. Her friend got in trouble.

After school, Sarah did not make a direct trip home. On the way, she went to the local store. She wanted to play more tricks on people. She caused problems. She made people fall down. she laughed and had fun.

Finally she left and strated to walk home. Then she saw something. Her backetball coach was about to walk in front of a bus. He was looking the other way. She had to stop him! She used her power. She controlled him, She made him stop walking.

Sarah learned something that day. It was better to help people than make them suffer. So, she put a limit on how she used her power. She did not want to do bad things with it anymore. She only wanted to do good.



# unit 15

across、breathe、characteristic、consume、excite、extreme、fear、fortunate、happen、length、mistake

observe、opportunity、prize、race、realize、respond、risk、wonder‘、yet



**The Big Race**

A dog saw a group of animals across the road. He walked over to meet them. “What are you doing?” he asked them.

“I just sold them tickets to a race between the rabbit and the turtle,” the duck responded.

This news excied the dog. he felt fortunate that he happened to be there. “I don’t have anything to do today,” the dog said. “I want to buy  a ticket, too”

The dog sat down to observe the race. The race would be extreme. It would be many kilometers in length. The rabbit and the turtle stood next to each other. They waited for the race to start. the dog wondered why the turtle agreed to run against  the rabbit. Being fast was not a characteristic of turtles. The rabbit was going to win easily.

Suddenly, the race began. The rabbit ran extremely quickly. The turtle walked slowly. After a minute, the rabbit looked back. He saw that the turtle was far behind him and was breathing quickly because he was so tired. The rabbit smiled and slowed to a walk.

A minute later, the rabbit said, “I’m winning, so I’ll take a rest.” He sat and began to consume some grass. Then, he let his eyes close. He wasn’t the winner yet. But  there was no risk of him losing the race. He went to sleep.

Hours later, a loud sound woke him. All of the animals were yelling and looking at the field. He felt fear for the first time. The turtle was almost at the finish line. Now, the rabbit realized  his mistake. But the race was over. He gave the turtle an opportunity to win, and the turtle took it. The duck handed the turtle his prize. It was the happiest day of the turtle’s life.

The dog was happy for the turtle. “He isn’t fast,” the dog thought. “But he tried his best and did something great.”



# unit 16

academy、ancient、board、century、clue、concert、county、dictionary、exist、flat、gentleman、hidden

maybe、officer、original、pound、process、publish、theater、wealth



**Adams County’s Gold**

Adams Academy was  a good school. Boys lived there and took classes. Tom worked hard all week. On a spring Saturday, he wanted to do something fun!

He asked his frined Jeff to go to the movie theater. “Sorry,” Jeff answered. “I’m going to a concert.”

So Tom asked Joe to go to the movies. But Joe’s soccer team had a game.

Next, Tom went down the hall to Brad’s room. Brad was reading a very large old book. “Hi, Brad,” Tom said. “Are you reading a dictionary? It look ancient.”

“No. This is called The Wealth of Adams County. It’s about hidden gold in Adams County. It’s more than a century old. It was published in 1870! Look, it even has the original cover on it”

Tom asked, “Where did you get it?”

“It’s from my dad’s friend. He is a nice gentleman, an officer in the army,” answered Brad.

“The gold doesn’t really exist, does it?” Tom asked.

“I don’t know, but maybe! There are clues to it in this book, Let’s find it!” Looking for gold sounded like fun.

The first clue was to find a flat tree underground. “It must be in the forest,” Tom said.

Brad said, “The flat tree could be a board under the dirt. It could cover the gold.”

Tom and Brad dug in the dirt all morning. The process of looking for gold made them hungry. They were ready to stop for lunch. But then Brad hit something  hard. It was a board.

Brad pounded on the board until it broke. There was a small hole under it. “Look!” He held up a gold coin.

Tom saw a pirce of paper in the hole. “Brad, there’s more. It’s a map to the rest of the gold!”

Brad smiled. “Let’s go!” And they hurried to find the wealth of Adams County



# unit 17

appreciate、available、beat、bright、celebrate、determine、disappear、else、fair、flow、forward、hill

level、lone、puddle、response、season、solution、waste、whether



**The Race for Water**

There was a town next to a river. The people there had a lot of water. But they wasted it. That made the Sky angry. It said, “If you waste water, I will take it away from you.” But the people didn’t listen.

When the season changed from spring to summer, the clouds disappeared. The bright sun was hot and made the river dry. There was no water available People asded, “When will the rain fall?”

The Sky’s response was, “You don’t appreciate water. You waste it, and now I will never make rain again.”

A boy determined that this wasn’t fair. He thought of a solution. He asked the Sky to race him. He said, “If I get to the top of that hill before you rain can from puddles, you must fill our river.”

The Sky laughed. “Little boy, I am the Sky. I am above everything else. You cannot beat me.” But the boy knew he would win.

When the race began, the boy ran forward. The Sky started raining on the hill. But puddles did not from there. When it rained on the hill, the water went down.

The Sky kept raining. The water flowed down into the river. When the boy reached the top of the hill, the river was full. The people began the celebrate. It was the highest level the river had ever been at before.

The Sky was angry. “A boy can’t beat me! I won’t fill your river,” it said. Now the boy laughed. “It doesn’t matter whether you want to fill it or not,” he said. “You alrealy did.” The Sky looked at the full river.

“Yes,” they said. “We won’t waste it.”

That is how a lone boy saved his town and won the race for water.



# unit 18

argue、communicate、crowd、depend、dish、empty、exact、fresh、gather、indicate、item、offer、price

product、property、purchase、recommend、select、tool、treat



**The Little Red Chicken**

A little red chicken had a store in a small town. She sold many different items to people in the town. The people loved her products.

One day, a cat came to her property. He saw the sign that indicated where the chicken’s store was located. He wanted to purchase bread, but the chicken’s store was almost empty. She had only a bag of wheat.

“You can use the wheat to make bread,” the chicken said.

“No, I don’t want to work,” the cat said. “I just want to buy bread.” The cat became angry and left the store.

Later, the little red chicken saw the cat in a crowd.

“I will help you make the bread,” she said.

But the cat treated the badly. He did not even communicate with her.

He did not want to do any word.

So the chicken deciede to make the bread. She select the exact amount of wheat to make fresh bread. She use a stone to pound the wheat to get it ready. Soon. her bread was ready.

The cat came and saw the bread on a dish.

“Give me some of your bread,” he said.

“No,” said the little red chicken. “You did not help me make the bread. So you shall not have any to eat.”

The cat argued with the chicken. He tried to offer a price for it. But the little red chicken did not want to sell her bread.

“Don’t depend on others to do work for you,” said the little red chicken.

“Then how will I get bread?” the cat asked.

“I recommend doing some work,” said the little ren chicken. “Use a tool to plant your own wheat. When it grows big, you can gather it and make your own bread. You need to learn to do work for what you want.”



# unit 19

 alive、bone、bother、

