# Franklin's pumpkin

Franklin could count by twos and tie his shoes.

He liked planting seeds in the garden and watching them grow. But Franklin had never grown anything quite this big before...

Gotcha. Sorry, but there anren’t any weeds allowed in this garden.

Hi Franklin. Hi, Bear. How’s out pumpkin? All ready to win first prize. Gee, it looks even bigger than yesterday. And it still has two more weeds of growing to do before the fair. If it grows much more, we’re going  to need a truck just to get it there. 

Hello, boys. Mrs.Muskrat just phoned. She’d like to borrow a cup of sugar. Could you do me a favour and take it to her? Sure, Mom I’ll go with you. Franklin Bear! What a lovely surprise! Hi Mrs.Muskrat. My Mon asked us to  bring this suger over. Well, that was very nice of you. Would you like to come inside for some milk and cookies? Mmmm... Okay!

Your mother tells me that you two are growing a pumpkin. We’re entering it in the fair. First prize goes to the biggest one. I see... and just how big is this pumpkin of yours? It’s gigantic! We can hardly lift it! My, that must be a big one. I’ll look forward to  seeing it at the fair. I’ll help clean it up. Me too. Oh no no no... not in the trash. Put it in here instead. You keep broken plates? And broken cups... and saucers... You could say it’s a bit of a hobby. What do you do with it all? Come on out back. I’ll show you. Wow! Look at that! Every piece is something that’s broken! And over there is the path I’m working on. Neat! Look at all the little pieces! And all the colours. Everything can be turned into something good... even broken cups and plates. You sure must break a lot of then. I suppose I’ve broken my  fair share over the years... But some of them were given to me. Every time someone around here breaks a piece of china, my backyard gets a little bit more interesting. 

Well, Bear... today’s the... big day. Ready? Ready! It.. sure is ... heavy! Okay, Bear. Maybe we should leave the dirt on... them it’ll weight even more. Heh - Don’t worry. It’s big enough to win fair and square. You mean fair and round. 

Maybe it would have been better... if our pumpkin wasn’t quite so big. If it wasn’t so big  it might not win first prize. I need a rest. Once we get over the next hill, we’re almost there. Another hill? Oh! The wagon! come on, Bear we’ve got to stop it! Hurry, Franklin it’s getting away! That was close! This must be our lucky day! Maybe we could put it back together? How... It’d take us a week just to find all the pieces. I guess nobody’s ever going to see how big our pumpkin was. We did all that work for nothing, Bear.

Franklin! Bear! I was just heading off to the fair to see your... Oh dear... And the next thing we knew, it was rolling down the hill again. We tried to catch up to it... But it was rolling too fast...  and then it hit the tree. Oh! That’s when it broke. Well, there’s no sense in just sitting around now, is there? Come on, boys... if we hurry, we can still  enter your  pumpkin in the fair. We can? But it’s in a zillion pieces? That would be a problem... If we were going to enter it  in the pumpkin contest. But not if we enter it in the pie contest. Pie contest. Everything can be made into  something good, remember? But we don’t know how to make a pie. I think we can take care of that. But first we’d better get that pumpkin back on your wagon. We have a lot of work to do. 

There, the last one! Mmmmm... they sure smell good.  How are we going to get them all to the fair? We don’t have to enter them all. One will do just fine. We should have brought two pies. one to enter in the fair and one to eat along the way. Delightful. I must say, the pies this year are all very delicious... and that makes my decision especially difficult. But in my humble  opinion, the best pie of all is.... Wait! Wait! There’s one more pie to enter! Another pie? It’s pumpkin... Yes, well then... I suppose there’s no harm in a last minute entry, is there now? Congratulations, boys!

I believe that was the best pumpkin pie I’ve ever tasted. It’s just a shame there isn’t any more left. There’s lots left. twenty-twe more pies left. Good heavens! How many pumpkins did it take to make all those? Only one. My goodness! That must have been quite the pumpkin! Oh yeah. But thanks to Mrs.Muskrat, we made it into something even better.



# Franklin’s test

Franklin could count by twos and tie his shoes. He had won a blue ribbon for swimming and a trophy for playing soccer. But one day, Franklin won something that maybe be shouldn’t  have. daisy... window... chair... pencli. Well done, All right, you all know how to read our new words. Let’s see how many we can spell. Who would like to go first? Me..me..me. I will do it, it’s easy. Bear! Let’s see you give it a try, All right, Bear spell the word “daisy”. Hmmm. Let me just check... Hey Bear! You can’t peek like that! That’s cheating! It is? Well Bear, we are trying to learn to spell from memory. I’ll give you a little hint. The next letter is an “I” ... Oh yeah! Absolutely right, Bear! Well done! Now, who’s next? Very good, Goose! You’re all doing very well with your spelling! I think you’re ready for a test! On Thursday, we’ll see how well you know the words we’ve learned over the past few weeks. And for those of you who spell all your word correctly, I have something  special. Wow! Look at those! One of these colourful pens! Excuse me Mr.Owl, but since I’m going to get all the words right, anyway, could I have my pen now? I’d like to write the test with it. I’m sorry Beaver, but you’ll have to write the test first. I’m sure of all of you practice spelling your words, you’ll do very well. Pens or no pens. 

You’re certainly going to be well prepared for that spelling test tomorrow. Yeah! Bear and I have been practising really hard. They must be very fancy pens to go to all this trouble. Oh, they are! I know my words so I get one. I can see one word that’s going to take a little more practice. Where? Which one? Show me? This one. “pencil” is spelled P-E-N-C-I_L. That’s only one mistake. You’re doing great.But I don’t want to make any mistakes. I want one of those pens. The jimportant thing is,  you’re learning how to spell. No Dad, the important thing is spelling every word right. Good! I got it right that time, Sam. Tomrrow, I’ll spell it just like that. But what if I don’t? What if I forget? I know it now. I won’t forget. I know... I’ll just put it in here for good luck. 

Next... spell “kitchen” And now we come to the very last word on the test. Now, when you’re finished, don’t forget to put your name at the top of the page. There, I got them all right, I know it. Yeah it was easy. “TABLE” “CLOCK”, “DESK”, “SCHOOL”, “KITCHEN” and “PENCIL”. All correct. Very good! Yes. Congratulations and enjoy your pen, You’ve earned it! I did it Bear! I got a pen! Nice going, Franklin. Keep your fingers crossed for me. I will. So far, so good, Bear. Oh, dear, I’ve spotted an error on your last word. But you still get something for trying your best. I do? What? A space sticker. 

I came this close to winning a pen. I only had one word wrong. Which one? “Pencil”. Oh... that’s a tough word. I’ll never spell it wrong again, that’s for sure. What’s the matter?  You tried your best and you’re my friend. I should share my pen with you. Here...you borrow it for a while. Thanks, but I want to win my own pen. That one’s yours. Hey...don’t worry about me, Franklin. I’ll get a pen next time. Come on, let’s have some fun. Pencil? I just had it in my hat for good luck. But did you look at it during the test? I peeked at one letter, that’s all. But that’s not fair, Franklin! That’s cheating. Hello Franklin. Hi there, son. Hi. Well, how did it go? Um what? Your test. The one you’ve been preparing for, for the past three days. Oh, fine! Mr.Owl said I did a good jod. I’ve got to put my stuff away. I have the feeling he didn’t do as well on that test as he expected. I have the very same feeling. And I know how much he wanted one of those pens. Maybe it’s time to remind Franklin that the value of a good honest try is worth more than a pen. I’ll come with you. Franklin? Are you all right? You may not have gotten all the  words right on your spelling test, but your father and I still think... I did get them all right . Oh. Very good! So you did get a pen? Yeah! Well, don’t keep us in suspense. Let’s have a look at it. There it is. Why did you put it in the garbage? Is there something you want to tell ut, Franklin. I spelled all the words right because I peeked at this. Oh, It doesn’t feel right winning the pen this way, does it? No. Bear’s right. I didn’t win it fair and square. I cheated. What should I do? That’s something you should decide. But I think you know inside what will make you feel better. 

Good morning, Franklin. Hi, I want to give you something. I’ll just put it on your desk. Uh, just a minute, Franklin. Why are you giving me back your pen? I had one of the spelling words inside my cap and I looked at it during the test. I see. I know I shouldn’t have done it. It’s just that I really wanted to win one of those pens. But now I think you should have it back. Hmm. Somethimes we think too much about rewards and not enough about what it takes to earn them. Like I thought more about getting the pen than learning how to spell. Exactly. Tell you what - I’ll hold onto this for a while. After all, there will be more tests. Thanks, Mr.Owl. Next time, I’ll win it fair and square! I’m sure you will.



# Franklin And The Duckling

Franklin could count by twos and tie his shoes. He could care for his toy dag Sam and Goldie his goldfish. But one day, Franklin had something to care for that took a lot more of his time than he had planned.

Come on Bear! The water’s not so cold once you get used to it. I know. It’s the getting used to it part I don’t like. I’ll race you to that log. On your mark. Wait!  I’m not used to the water yet! I’m not racing Franklin. I’m not! Go! Franklin! Ohh! I won! What was that? A duckling! Look it’s coming over. Hi there... We’re swimming in you backyard, aren’t we? I wonder what it wants? Maybe it thinks you’re it Mom! You think so? Try swimming away and see what it does. See? You sure are cute. Brrrr. I’m starting to get cold, Franklin. Let’s go. What about this little duck? Should we take him with us? I don’t think so Franklin. Why not? Because its home is here at the pond. Where’s its mom and dad then? I don’t see any big ducks, do you? Well, no... but - we can’t just leave the little guy here all by himself. I suppose not but - Then we have to take him with us. I’d be worried about him if we didin’t. we could take turns looking after him, Bear. This week he could stay at mu house and next week he could stay with you. I don’t think my Mom and Dad  will let me. And I don’t think your will either. Franklin. How come? Remember that time your mom found those frogs in the bathtub? Oh, yeah! She told you that frogs belong  in the pond, not in the house. And she made me take them right back. I’ll have to keep this duckling a secret. Where are you gonna hide it? Hmm. In my bedroom I guess... with the door closed. I’m going home for lunch. Don’t forget we have a soccer game today. Yeah, I won’t. See you later, Franklin! Bye! 

Hello, Franklin. Did you have a nice swim at the pond? My swim? Oh yeah, my swim.It was fun. Now that you’re here, maybe we can work together and finish this jod. Uh, no, I’ll do it Mom. You don’t have to help me. Oh, all right then. Thank you, Franklin. What? Don’t just throw everything in the closet, all right? Okay, I won’t. Good. I’ll head out to the garden. Whew. Shh! That was close. You’ve gotta be really quiet, okay? This is my buddy sam. You make friends with him, while I find you a nest. This should work. There... that’s better, isn’t it? Shhh! You sure make a lot of noise. Oh! I know. You’re hungry, aren’t you? Don’t go anywhere, I’ll be right back.Duckling is going to love the meals. I make. You don’t get  Corn Crunchies’s down at the pond. Having a little snack before lunch,  are we Franklin? Uh... I was feeling  a little bit hungry. Go ahead. I didn’t see a thing. Thanks Dad! It was... I mean, uhhh... Care for a Corn Crunchie, dear? Hey, how’d you get down there? I forgot about that. Here, you have something to eat and I’ll put down some newspapers before that happens again. Oh, no. Shh! Not so loud. Gee, for such a small guy you sure make a lot of noise. And a lot of mess. You’ve got my whole room. Why do you want to be on this spot. Franklin! Lunch is ready! Okay! Look, if I’m going to take care of you, you’re going to have to help me a little. Okay? And that means trying to be more quiet. And not getting into stuff. And when are ducks old enough to look after themselves? I suppose when their feathers and wings are fully grown, and they don’t need the constant care of their parents. And they fly south as soon as it’s autumn, right? That’s right. You’re very interested in ducks all of a sudden, Franklin. Uh... well they’re kind of neat, don’t you think? Yes they are. Sure. Umm... I just remembered. I’ve got a soccer game. I’d better get ready. Looks like we’ve got to get you another hiding spot. You’re getting into too much mischief in here. Are you sure you brought the papar in? Yes, I’m sure. I had  the crossword puzzle half-finished. Bye, Mom! I can’t be late for my soccer game. I’ll see you later. Have fun! You can’t still be hungry. Do you want it to rain again? It’s empty again. You sure need a lot of looking after. It looks like I won’t be playing much soccer this summer or anything else either. Oh, hello Bear. Hi. I’ve come to get Franklin fir soccer. He’s late and everybody’s waiting for him. That’s strange, he left nearly a half hour ago. Yes, he was in quite a hurry. He didn’t want to be late. I wonder where he is? Well, you know how Franklin can get side-tracked. First we’ll check around the house and then we’ll  call around to some of his friends. Franklin! Hmmm. Hey! There’s his soccer stuff!  Franklin? Hi Bear. Oh! There you are. Thank goodness you’re safe. What are you doing in here son? Yeah, how come  you aren’t at the soccer game? This is why. I thought taking care of  a little duckling was going to be a lot of fun. But I found out it’s a lot of work. What about its parents, Franklin? I’ll bet they’re very worried. Yes, just like we were about you. It doesn’t have any parents. That’s why Franklin brought him home. I know you wanted to help the duckling, and that’s good thing. But I suspect this little one simply wandered toofar from its family to do some exploring. Yeah...It does do a lot of  wandering and exploring. Shall we take this guy back to the pond? Will you help me find  its Mom and Dad? We’ll try our best. Thanks, Dad. Hey, there are some big ducks! And little ducks too! That could be the family we’re looking for. Yep, that’s the family! Goodbye, little duckling! Wow! Look at him go! His Mom and Dad sure look happy to see him. I know just how they feel. Hey, there they are! Do you want to play soccer or what? I sure do! Come on Bear! Aother happy ending. Yes, everyone is back where they belong.



# Franklin And His Night Friend

He could swim and ride a bike and do many things really  well. 

But one day Franklin learned that the thing he could do best was just be himself

Look at all those stars, Dad! There must be a zillion of them. Maybe we should count them to find out. Dad. Let me show you some groups of stars that look like animals. Animals? Well? lets ses here... Okay, there’s Pegasus, the horse. I don’t see a horse. It’s up there. You have to use you imagination. Show me another one Dad. That group of stars... over here in the North, is Ursa Major, the Bear. The bear? It doesn’t look anything  like the Bear I know. Did you see that star?  That was a firefly that think it’s a star. I’m going to catch it! Hey, what was that? Sorry. I didn’t know you were chasing it too. Who are you? Bat.
